Documentation Update (#3933)
CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse: SETUP.md

| Ruby Debugger | [Click Here](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/blob/master/DEBUGGER-SETUP.md) |

## Tests
Before making a pull request, it is a good idea to check that all tests are passing locally.

- To run the system tests, run `bundle exec rspec` .
- To run the simulator tests, run `yarn run test` .

**Note:** To pass the system tests, you need the [Chrome Browser](https://www.google.com/chrome/) installed. For docker based setup, you can ignore this.

## CircuitVerse API documentation
CircuitVerse API documentation is available at - https://api.circuitverse.org/

If you like to setup CircuitVerse API documentation locally, refer [docs/README.md](docs/README.md)

### Enabling/Disabling features with Flipper 
By default `:forum` and `:recaptcha` features are set to false. These can be enabled either via rails console or Flipper dashboard.
```ruby
rails c

# Enable features (:recaptcha, :forum)
> Flipper.enable :recaptcha

# Disable features (:project_comments, :lms_integration)
> Flipper.disable :forum
```
Flipper dashboard can be accessed at - http://localhost:3000/flipper/ from where following features can be enabled/disabled.

> **Note :** User need to login as admin first, then only Flipper dashboard can be accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note :** User need to log in as admin first, then only Flipper dashboard can be accessed
```

If you have any setup problems, please ensure you have read through all the instructions have all the required software installed before creating an issue.

---

## Installation
There are several ways to run your own instance of CircuitVerse:

| Method | Operating System | Documentation |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | GitHub Codespaces | Any | [Click Here](https://github.com/tanmoysrt/CircuitVerse/tree/master/installation_docs/remote_development.md#github-codespaces) |

Reviewer: Use links to Circuitverse repo, not the personal repo

| Tool | Documentation Link |
| --- | --- |
| Code Auto Completion | [Click Here](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/blob/master/LSP-SETUP.MD) |
| Ruby Debugger | [Click Here](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/blob/master/DEBUGGER-SETUP.md) |

## Tests
Before making a pull request, it is a good idea to check that all tests are passing locally.

- To run the system tests, run `bundle exec rspec` .
- To run the simulator tests, run `yarn run test` .

**Note:** To pass the system tests, you need the [Chrome Browser](https://www.google.com/chrome/) installed. For docker based setup, you can ignore this.

## CircuitVerse API documentation
CircuitVerse API documentation is available at - https://api.circuitverse.org/

If you like to setup CircuitVerse API documentation locally, refer [docs/README.md](docs/README.md)

### Enabling/Disabling features with Flipper 
By default `:forum` and `:recaptcha` features are set to false. These can be enabled either via rails console or Flipper dashboard.
```ruby
rails c

# Enable features (:recaptcha, :forum)
> Flipper.enable :recaptcha

# Disable features (:project_comments, :lms_integration)
> Flipper.disable :forum
```

> Flipper dashboard can be accessed at - http://localhost:3000/flipper/ from where following features can be enabled/disabled.

Reviewer 2: Add a note or something that flipper route is for admins

## Deployment Guide
### Heroku Deployment

> [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com) is a free cloud platform that can be used for deployment of CircuitVerse

Reviewer 2: It is not free anymore

Reviewer: we can remove docker now
